WIILL BE HAVING A SPINAL INJECTION IN THE NEAR FUTURE. VERY HELPFUL. THANK YOU.	5.0
These were beautiful very accurate and are wonderfully colored. Their lamination was done well. I am starting to age and I mark each nerve that has failed me with a red color crayon. My children smile every time I get closer to death. Pointpilot	4.0
I use the chart to explain to my clients why and where their pain generates from. It is easier to heal.	5.0
This is a great "at a glance" learning tool. I have them hanging in my massage office & I like them.	5.0
Quite a good chart but could be a little clearer on the cutaneous nerve distribution. Perhaps some colour coding would have been appropriate?	4.0
AS A MMT I AM ALWAYS REFERRING BACK TO THIS CHART AS IS HANGS IN MY THERAPY ROOM* GOES WELL WITH THE MUSCLES, BONES, LIGAMENTS CHART, ALTHOUGH I AM LOOKING FOR A CHART THAT SHOWS THE EFFECTS ON THE BODY "ORGANS" "SYSTEMS" WHEN THERE IS AN ISSUE WITH THE SPINE.	5.0
The poster is great for yoga anatomy class. It gives the students a way too see the workings of the body.	5.0
Shipped very well  the unit works very good
Unit as described on the money works very good
thank you
rfriedman	5.0
As a professional i don't se how you can work wihtout these charts. They explain and show in detail what you are working whit on your clients. It shows the spinalnervs and the dermatoms of the spinalnervs from c1 to s5.
Not queit right dough, but still good enough to help in your clinical work and eplaining to your clients.	5.0
Great chart for understanding the nervous system. I have radicular pain from my lumbar spine & this is very helpful in tracing where my leg pain is coming from.	5.0
Arrived on time is just what I expected.	5.0
N/A	5.0
I LOVE IT!!
Exactly what I was looking for.	5.0
Just as expected	4.0
Currently hanging up	4.0
This is a great tool in my massage practice. It's nice to be able to show my clients what's going on where their pain is. They're usually astonished to see how big nerves actually are (especially the sciatic).	5.0
Got what I wanted and needed.	5.0
Well made. Nice chart.	5.0
Large size poster in excellent condition!	5.0
good value. I recommend it.	5.0
Ok.	3.0
This is nice & laminated but it was bent. No worries I can flatten it - but it would be nice to take this into consideration so your buyers are happier because this really is a great tool to offer . Im studying for my massage therapy license & Ive posted this up in my room for study reference.	3.0
Great visual aid	5.0
peripheral neurologic system with spinal roots, trunks, branchs to explain irradiation topography of pain in patients with neural pain	5.0
Students love them!!	5.0
as expected, arrived on time	5.0
Excellent, I highly recommend to others	5.0
Excellent resource for my neurobiology class.  Easy to read, clear and concise.  I love the holes for hanging.	5.0
The one I recieved was not laminated as advertised.	2.0
Not laminated as advertised. Does Amazon really need me to take up more space to get my point across again??	1.0
