this is a very hard product to find. apparently swimmers were abusing it...whatever. we just use it during cold season.
shipping really did take 3 of the 4 weeks they said it would. came from india.
all good	4.0
This product has been around since i can remember. They are hard to find and when you do they are very expensive. Great to see Amazon has a Company that sales them on this site and the Price is great.
This product is wonderful for someone who has allergies and or sinus troubles and can even help a child breath better with just a slight smell of this product.
Not recommended a child carry it around, but can be placed under their nose for a quick smell if they are stopped up and congested.

Over all this is a wonderful product.	5.0
thank you..	5.0
Great buy.	5.0
DO NOT BUY.  ITEM IS NOT THE SAME AS PICTURED.  CAME FROM INDIA.  EVERY PLASTIC SEAL WAS BROKEN.  I THREW THEM ALL IN THE TRASH	1.0
Yes very much !	5.0
The inhaler was very weak. I was very disappointed	1.0
Some have little effectiveness, while some are just fine.	3.0
IF YOUR STUFFY IT WORKS. NOT A FAN OF STUFF YOU SQUART UP YOUR NOSE AND RUNS DOWN YOUR THROAT.	5.0
While the Vicks vapo-rub inhaler does seem to clear my nostrils, the smell is 'different' from the Vick's inhalers I've bought in the past. Not quite sure what to think/make of it.	2.0
It was a bad deal!  When I purchased it said the supplier would be Walgreens.  They were shipped from India.  The
inhalers received were Vicks .005 which are less than half the price of the .007 Vicks inhalers.  It was impossible to
make contact with the supplier and Amazon has made promises of adjustment etc. they have not kept. The order was
charged on my Amazon credit card  which has been paid but I have not received proper support from Amazon, the Credit Card company or the supplier in India.  The product I received is ok but it is not the product ordered and the price is not what it should be for the product received.  It has been a bad experience!!	1.0
First of all, this product not as pictured.  It comes in a little brown box and is loose, not in the blister pack as shown.  Next item of note is that it is made in and for distribution in India, not the US like the regular Vicks product.  The ingredients are different, and the smell is altogether different.

I won't even use this product, as I don't know what the various ingredients do.  Wasted my money.	1.0
