I have been using this with my DeWalt sanders for years. Why pay a fortune for individual sheets from Lowes or Home Depot? This sandpaper lasts considerably longer, is much, much stronger and you simply cut it to size, stick one layer on the pad of your sander as a base, then add another layer,  clip them in and away you go. Not only that, it makes your pads last 10X longer as well. When it's worn out, remove it (I find it helps to let a few layers of sandpaper build up on the pad). This will save you a fortune in throw away single sheets and OK, it doesn't have any holes in it so you won't be collecting much dust - but then do you really anyway? Saves time, works better and saves a fortune in the long run. Does a much better job too and if you ever need a small piece for hand sanding, simply cut a sheet to the desired size, fold it over and stick it to itself and again, it won't slip, you won't be tearing it or cursing at it, you'll be able to get into those tight corners and the job will be done so much better in half the time! Great stuff. Great product.	5.0
Let me know if there is better sand paper out there.  This last soooooo much longer than Norton from HD, and provides great finish.  I pair it with my favorite Porter-Cable 330 Speed-Bloc Quarter-Sheet Finishing Sander, for twice the cost this is ten times the sander.  It has no dust collection, and I hate using my other 1/4 sheet sander in the house.
Joe	5.0
I recently bought 5 different grits of this sandpaper. I use it to sand on my wood lathe. The adhesive backing works great to stick to your fingers while sanding and also to a sanding disk. Highly reccomend Porter-Cable sandpaper.	5.0
on time no issues	5.0
Got this for the portable sander. I made two runs out to the home stores and also stopped at another store
to get the sander going. I needed paper and a new pad. No one had the exact parts for my Porter cable.
Amazon to the rescue.	5.0
won't buy any other type	5.0
good	4.0
We use this at the shop for refinishing antique furnitures. I have no complaints aside from the sticky back tends too be too sticky that if you're not careful, you'll rip the cloth right of the pad of the block sander. I usually rub the adhesive part a bit with saw dust to reduce stickiness. Or maybe it could be the pad itself too that could be made better.	4.0
Just what i wanted.  reasonable price. Great value and convenience.  Easier than driving around wasting time and petrol. and causing aggravation.	5.0
price was right, for the same product that elsewhere was about $5 more. I like it. it serves my needs.	5.0
Excellant, must keep in dry & protected from elements so as not to cause the adhesive to loose is qualities and curl excessively.	4.0
The Porter-Cable 4 1/2 inch adhesive-backed sanding roll is an economical way to buy sand paper. The adhesive holds well and the paper is of good quality.	5.0
The Porter-Cable adhesive backed sanding rolls which I found through Amazon are a great help. My Porter-Cable finishing sander is more efficient when I can change the sandpaper so quickly and easily.  The sandpaper on the sanding roll is very good, and lasts longer than the sheets of sandpaper I used to cut into quarters and attach to the sander.  I plan on buying more of this adhesive backed sanding roll in other grits.	4.0
Good paper, almost too sticky on back for using over a felt-backed sanding block.	5.0
good sand paper for the price	5.0
Very sticky, maybe a little too much.  Thin and tears easily.	4.0
Worked as described	5.0
Purchased locally in the past. Great for attaching to sanding pads.	4.0
Good adhesive and life.  Fits P-C pad sanders well.	4.0
Just as expected.	5.0
Works like a charm.	5.0
My only negative observation is that sanding aard maple the sheets do not seem to hold up as I would expect. Planed and pre-sanded with 120 grit.	4.0
I purchased this product to replace a roll that was over 20 years old. I used it to put non-skid surfaces on shop accessories like cut-off tables. While the old stuff has stayed stuck, even if 20 years old when used, the new peels off just standing for a few days. Wish I could return it.	1.0
