Just finished the casing on the closet door frames in my daughters' room. These were flawless in my Accuset 200BN.
Never a jam with the 2" brads or the 1 1/4" brads!	5.0
These are functional, but not very tough.  They seem to be a little softer than some other brads I have used, which lets them deflect fairly easily at this long length.  Therefore, keep your fingers out of range!  They do hold well and are difficult to remove if you make a boo-boo.	3.0
I am a finish contractor and I really find it nice when i can buy a quality product that will not damage either my tools or the project that I am working on.  These nails feed thru my accuset brad nailer w/o any  trouble at all and plan to switch over to them fulltime.	5.0
Better tempered steel than pacific rim soft nails. No fails or jams. Can hold trim into steel studs. U.S.A. made higher quality. No complaints.	5.0
Just a little disappointed.	1.0
aere5 ekuyuy yyukdtstr zdtrrtth xfhy sstht hfu kgiul ko o;o aa4t aey tr6u yu uu ol jj;"	5.0
good nails ;;  one tlwo tod erh go en aog ne th ale dn th als the and hr a	5.0
Boy, these sure do beat using finishing nails and are a lot less work. I used them to install some quarter round and they did a great job. Highly recommended.	5.0
The box was torn apart (probably a return product sold as "NEW")and nails strips were a mess. Strips were broken into mutiple smaller strips and a large portion didn't sit correctly in the gun (a lot of misfires) . I will go elsewhere for my finishing nail purchases.	1.0
I have a Porter-Cable and Bostitch 18ga nailer, and have fired thousands of the B & C nails with absolutely NO problems.....The quality is in the adhesive used to bind the fasteners.	5.0
Honestly i can't say they are better or worse than any other i have used. they work.	3.0
Go to Home Depot and buy the Porter Cable brads - they have a wider head and are less expensive also.	1.0
I used these in a Senco brad nailer to install 3/4" cedar in a walk in closet as well as to install 2400 square feet of 3/4" pine v-groove in the ceiling of my dome home and they worked perfectly.  Although I tried to avoid knots there were some situations where I had no choice but to go through them and the brads worked fine when using the turbo setting.  I have a finish nailer and a pin nailer as well and B&C Eagle is the only brand I use because I know for a fact that when I use them there will not be any problems.	5.0
