After using a friends, I decided to buy my own, but balked at the price. A trip to Northern Tool for a trailer jack, and about $10 worth of parts from HD, and I had an equally functional and more attractive tool for less than $50. I've now made about half a dozen because they really are very useful, but not for $150 each.	5.0
The Cepco floor jack is a fantastic tool if you are installing hardwood flooring and want really tight joints in those areas next to a wall where you cannot get a flooring nailer. Instead of using screwdrivers, chisels, or wedges to force the flooring together, the floor jack simply presses it into place with no bother and no fuss.
I recommend using a 2x4 or 2x6 at least 36" long against the wall that you are going to press against to keep from damaging the wall or pushing a single stud out of place. The wall jack can generate a lot of force and in the hands of a careless installer it could dislocate a wall or partition.
While this tool is designed primarily for installing hardwood flooring, creative carpenters will undoubtedly find many was to use this tool to precisely move framing members. It is worth every penny that I paid for it.
 Pete Bucy
 NC1, Inc.	5.0
This tool is very handy, l wish l had bought it years ago. I use it for its intended use and for propping up framing temporarily	5.0
Great tool.  Paid for itself on the first job.  Very versatile.  I've used it for many other applications as well, not just flooring.	5.0
This thing is an amazing piece. I needed to bring together a dance floor that was a floating type floor and this did it smoothly and gently. You have total control of the speed and force and if you are concerned about scratching the surface of the floor all you need is to put a small piece of carpet under it and it is fine. I had no scratching problem without andy carpet but my point is I can not think of anything that would improve this. I will be putting in floors for myself because this makes such an easy experience to apply the pressure to a real hardwood floor it is a keeper of a tool for the rest of my days.	5.0
Just finished installing a herringbone pattern hardwood floor in a small bathroom and, honestly, I could not have completed the project without this tool.  On a previous project, I made my own contraption using steel cables and a car jack and swore I would get one of these tools before my next project -- boy, I'm glad I did.  Would have given 5-stars if it came with a storage bag of some kind.  Would have gladly paid extra for that.	4.0
This item proved to be a huge time-saver for installing my pre-finished hardwood floor.  It's somewhat large compared to other flooring jacks I saw, but the others had to be nailed/screwed to the subfloor to use.  As others noted, you should use some plywood or old carpet to protect the flooring or underlayment from the flanges on the bottom.	4.0
Used this Quickjack to install about 450 square feet of 3/4 inch oak flooring.  It snugs boards tightly together even when nothing else works and it doesn't damage the boards.  I only gave it 4 stars because the handle interferes with the wall and could be designed much better.  It is also priced a bit high compared to the other tools I purchased.  I used it to install prefinished flooring and I had to be very careful that this tool didn't scratch it as I moved it around the room.  All in all a very useful tool with a few issues that I noted.	4.0
I bought this tool thinking it would be too big and bulky..
Not a chance, a little heavy but I love it.  It helps me create tight fitting floors. I would recommend this for anyone.	5.0
It got here really quickly, quicker than I had expected, and it works great! It makes my job easier...just like I was hoping that it would.	5.0
I never got a chance to use it.  The tool arrived missing parts and appears to of been previously used as a significant amount of the orange paint had been scraped off.  Returned to Amazon for refund.	1.0
bought this tool for flooring work, great tool but big and heavy and you have to be careful around the finished floor. the base tabs are not finish floor friendly and you can cause some damage. As one reviewer recommended, I used a piece of card board to protect the finished floor from the bare metal tab feet. This is a powerful jack with massive leverage...go easy. at first it is awkward to use with the 2x4 lumber but you'll figure it out as to what works best. My next flooring job I will also get the portajack as I had wished I had during my last job.	4.0
I am a builder who told my customer I would help him lay his own hardwood floor.  In previous situations I have seen a need for this tool but since it was he and I laying 3000+ sf of hardwood I figured I'd get one to try it.  It works exactly as advertised, great tool, I would highly recommend it.  I am on my third BoWrench which I can't build a deck without, so I figured they deserved a shot on this one.  Did find it for $50 less elsewhere on the internet, sorry Amazon, but still love your site.	5.0
Great tool, works very well.  Just used it installing 3-1/4" wide oak flooring and worked extermely well.  I wish Cepco would provide a rubber/nylon protector to attach to the bottom brackets for the clamp bar.  As one of the other reviews commented, the tool has some weight and can very easily damage flooring if dropped or slid.  I used a low cardboard box to place the jack in to slide it across the floor while working, it prevented dinging the floor.  Overall, a very good investment for putting in flooring.  (I did use the wood block with a helper approach previously, this is definitely much easier!)	5.0
A very handy tool for DIY hardwood floor install. Essential for the last few rows of planks, at the ending wall and tight corners. A bit pricey for a what is essentially a simple mechanism. If you have a helper, you could make do without this tool, by using a few wood blocks and a pry bar to squeeze planks together and nail. For the price I fail to understand why the manufacturer had to skimp on instructions. I could not make any sense out of the one page instruction manual and had to figure out the assembly myself. Also wish they provided rubber sleeves to bracing supports. This jack is heavy and could easily damage / scar flooring if you are not careful. Overall, it is sturdy, and the least expensive floor jack I could find on the market. I would have rated this the full 5 stars if a detailed user manual and the protection sleeves were included.	4.0
I like this tool.  It really helped me get a professional looking job done with my 3/4 Cherry Hardwood floors. I didn't need it on every row of boards but it help me straighten them up when they got out of line.	5.0
Background you can skip
I am experienced in laying laminate floors as I always chose to go that route with our past homes. Our current home, however, had a partial hardwood floor installed... and the rest was carpet of the brand 'Nasty'. So that had to go. Ripping out the 700 sq ft of Bruce Hardwood flooring would be a nightmare given that it was stapled and and I also felt it would be capital destruction as it is valuable and pretty.
So I opted to buy another 2000+ sq ft of hardwood and finish what the previous owners started.

Once I started witht he diningroom I noticed something that I never really experienced with Laminate... it was a pain to keep the boards tight and then once you had them tight you had to KEEP them tight while hammering. I tried all the online suggestions: using planks, boards, wedges, scalpels and what have you to create leverage to get the board together but , although it does work, I could not believe the job would be finished quickly and professionally. I needed something better and I assumed that someone MUST HAVE thought of a solution.

Anyways, I am a quick learner and a search on Amazon put me in touch with this baby, the QuikJack.

About this item
Amazon got it to me overnight (i heart Prime Membership) and I lost little time.
The item is pretty big and sturdy. It is a specially designed Jack that leaves your hands free to operate your cleat nailer (I bought a pneumatic one, LOOOOVE IT!!).
As you can see from the pictures: you can create lots of easy configs and floorpositions for this jack. I did not nail it in but used a stud that was offset against the wall for leverage. Worked SUPERFAST. I think I went 10x faster than the manual solution. This was truly worth every penny I spent on it.

Pros
0 Heavy duty, will last forever
0 Well designed by pros so that you really can see it is for everyday use
0 Spoiler alert: spoils the user so that you can no longer do without!!

Cons
0 Little pricey compared to tighthening clamps

Conclusion
I agree with other reviewers: this is a MUST HAVE tool. Not a nice to have. I cannot imagine having to put a floor in without this combined wiht my pneumatic nailer. You might need more than 1 to be even more efficient, but 1 is sufficient if need be. Pro installers that do this for a living probably use more than 1.

LOVE IT.	5.0
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cepco-Tool-QuikJack-QJ1-Flooring-Construction-Jack/dp/B0000224PZ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cepco Tool QuikJack QJ1 Flooring/Construction Jack</a>
This ia a very versatile tool in term to put tongue and groove hard wood floor togather. This is a must have tool to work on the hard wood fllor.	5.0
GREAT TOOL!  If you put down solid wood flooring, you have to have this.  Well worth the money.	5.0
This product is a must have if you are laying hardwood flooring. Most of my wood was less than straight, this jack worked out great. Even if your wood is straight, it really helps out along the edges, keeping a tight joint while you face nail. Without this product I would have had a lot more waist due to bent/warped boards.	5.0
I purchased the QJ11, to assist in the installation of hardwood flooring. The jack works as described and allowed me to install the floors with minimum waste, as I was able to straighten bowed strips. The only reccomendation I would make, to the tool, is to add some sort of protection to the unused foot mounting bracket, to prevent possible scratching of finished flooring.	4.0
Works fine You will need it if or something similar to install a solid hardwood floor

with tight joints	4.0
worked good	4.0
Great btool	5.0
This is a heavy-duty, well-built tool.  You could spend 40 years using this puppy installing floors and pass it on to your great-grandchildren.  It is not easy to use.  It is cumbersome.  It is heavy.  You want a battleship?  Or a speedboat?  Depends.  You want the floor to look good?  This is the guy to do it.	5.0
Works great for those hard to reach areas by the wall or to squeeze a joint from the wall. Very adjustable for multi uses. You have to be able think and switch it around to fit the need. Also need to use a floor protector so metal does not scratch the floor. We could not have finished our floor without it.
It will push out the wall and or drywall, so use a long board to protect walls and don't over crank/tighten.
  I would buy this again.	5.0
I just installed some 200sqft of prime 12ft heart pine boards with it, and I think it was worth the money. Even though the boards were straight, the longer they are the more difficult they are to nail down tightly. This tool will get them as tight as they can go given the imperfections of the subfloor. It is a much more versatile tool than the cheaper stuff.

There are certain negative points here. If the wall on the right is too close, then the handle will stand in the way and you cannot use the tool. The weight of the tool together with the necessary 2x4 is considerable and it will give you quite a bit of exercise. The far side wall must have hard points against which you can press, otherwise you must nail another 2x4 to the subfloor next to the far side wall to serve as a support, and this technique will not work with the last couple of laps. It does have the tendency to raise the board on which you work.

One important positive point to mention is that it will work on the last lap as long as the wall has hard points.	4.0
I liked the quickjack, like other reviews I too think they need to do a few adjustments put some non marring plastic in some areas, I was really careful not to let it scratch my hardwood floor. I installed nearly 2000 sf of 2 1/4" wide maple flooring and I was surprised how little I used the jack, at first I thought I would really need it, I might have used it on 24 boards mainly because I paid so much for it I thought I better use it! honestly a block of wood screwed down and prying against a scrap piece of flooring was much quicker than getting this setup, and making sure along the way you didn't scratch your floor with this tool..
I think it would be a great tool to use when installing deck boards on an exterior deck..	4.0
working great	4.0
Care must be taken to not damage the new flooring as the jack is heavy with sharpish bare metal on the bottom.  A piece of cardboard  from the flooring is sufficient, only a slight nuisance.  The biggest downfall is that you cannot get close enough to a sidewall as you have to be able to rotate the jack crank.  I am now shopping for a porta jack.  Should have bought it the first time.  Oh well.  He who dies with the most tools wins right?	3.0
The tool that I received looked as though it had been used.  I typically do not return items to Amazon, but this tool was a bit heavy for daily use putting down flooring.	2.0
OK I guess	4.0
