I have one probablem with this web site. I would like to order, but I can't find out how to order staples for the Accuset 970002n	5.0
Great deal	5.0
Met all my requirements	5.0
Great quality product! I would order box after box after box. They get the job done, are of great quality and very durable. I have no complaints about them, none.	5.0
These staples worked great for my project and blended well with the color of the mdf panel board I was using them on. I used these on the walls and the ceiling to hold the panel up over sheet rock and they worked great!! If I need more I know where to go to find them.	5.0
I have used boxes of these at work and now at home. But with a product like this they either work or they don't. So since they all seem to come out of the stapler and go into the wood I would say that I am satisfied with these.	5.0
The box of 5000 staples that I ordered arrived triple boxed!  Check out the photos I've uploaded above.  The staples were placed in an intermediate box and secured with packing tape.  Then the double-boxed staples were put into a regular Amazon box for shipment.  They arrived in great condition.

The staples fit my Hitachi gun perfectly and with the new and improved shipping method, I think I'll be ordering staples from Amazon again.	5.0
Bought these because the 1 1/2" staples poke through when you staple 3/4" boards together.  I have 2 guns (Ridgid and HF) and no misfires on either.  No damage from shipping.  Will be buying more.	5.0
I've used this brand of staple many times and find they work well.
They never seem to jam and once joined you play hell trying to remove
them. They really hold. Unfortunately I need to buy my staples locally
from now on due to the fact that poor packing caused the staple box to
rip apart. What a MESS!!	4.0
Not the best staple on the market, but considering the quality vs. the price, it's what most people would want/need.  Unless you have very demanding needs for the best on the market, this staple is more than likely for you.	4.0
I purchased these staples for use on 9/16" strand-oriented bamboo flooring. The staples were practically useless for this application. The bamboo is too hard - the staples are not made with hard enough steel. 7 or 8 out of 10 staples would not cleanly penetrate the flooring into the subfloor - they just bent into a wadded up mess. The next day I tried Senco staples - the same size - and they worked just fine. This brand may be a good economical product for softer woods, but WILL NOT work for something as hard as bamboo.	2.0
