product was delivered on time.
Staples fit my Porter Gable staple gun with no problems.
all staples where in tacked when they arrived.
perfect for exterior 1/2" or 5/8' sheathing	5.0
I've used nearly 20,000 of these staples in home construction projects, mostly by stapling plywood to joists.  There have been no jams/misfires/double fires (with a Porter Cable stapler).  The only "trick" to using them is to press the stapler nose into the wood as you pull the trigger; otherwise, the staple may not seat all the way due to the gun's "recoil".  Try not to change your mind once you've stapled something, as they are coated with something to make them hold tight.  These staples are first-rate, and both of my orders arrived undamaged.	5.0
Received these 10,000 staples in a 6 inch by 15 inch by 20 inch box. All the staples were loose and when the UPS man handed the box to me it sounded like a box of broken glass. Half of the staples were broken. They were in a Amazon Box.	1.0
I am the proud owner of a Porter Cable MS200 stapler. I have installed several hundred sheets of roof and side sheathing using these staples exclusively. Not one mis-fire. As I build mainly custom homes, most has been 3/4 stock. The holding power of just a few staples will make a believer out of anyone....	5.0
happy	5.0
great price	5.0
Good staples. Only problem was that the inner box was torn and half of em spilled out when I opened em.	4.0
Very good value for me.  Locally we only have Senco brand, at $76.00 for 5,000 staples.  I will purchase these again, if the value remains constant.	5.0
These staples worked with no problems  in my Bostitch .	5.0
fit my MS200 porter-cable perfect. Can't buy this at Home Depot, but you can get them at Amazon and free del	5.0
After reading the reviews I was a "little" skeptical on ordering this somewhat fragile and very heavy product through the mail.  One of the review I read described how the staples were scattered and broken into small runs when received.  But given my experience with Amazon packaging I decided to order and that was a good decision.  The packaging was great and the product quality was equal.  I am using these in a Senco gun and they shoot great.  Shipping, as almost always was quick.  Price was fair.	4.0
We use alot of different hardware in our business.  I was able to find a not so common piece of hardware quite easily and at a good price.	4.0
these have worked very well with my senco stapler, i see no difference from senco staples and these have been cheaper to purchase	5.0
Having limited experience with medium crown staples (MCS), I have had no problem with these at all.  They have not jammed in my stapler as yet. Some one else commented that they arrived with the box broken and staples falling out, as did mine, but mine were still intact unbent and as usable as if the box were not broken  - no big deal then.  My problem is, as a DIYer, and not a professional, I had to buy 10,000 staples. I don't even know if I'll use this many in my lifetime.	4.0
Product is fine. Amazon listing says 10,000 per box. More like 2,000	3.0
A great value	5.0
Work like they should.	5.0
These are good quality staples and I will buy more as I need them. I saved money by buying on line.	5.0
Good no issues using.	5.0
Packed in a very sturdy, strong box. Fast shipping	5.0
Worked great, no problems. Did 260 feet of board over board fence with 3 rails and still have more than half a box left. A 5000 pack would have done fine.	5.0
The staples work like they are supposed to.	5.0
Fit for commercial use.	5.0
They work just fine in my 3 Pro N851P stapler.  No issues at all.  Hard to find medium crown staples at Home Depot stores, though most REAL lumber yards sell them.  Happy with these though and delivered right to my door.	5.0
