They look good and do the job. No misfires so far.
The bronze colour works for me.
I'll be back for more.	5.0
These narrow crown staples work great for attaching wood pieces together. I used these at a job I once had and found how good they work, so now I buy these for at home for small building projects.	5.0
I don't know how I made it as long as I have without my Dewalt D51422K narrow crown stapler. And these staples from B&C fit my product. They are as advertised. As of yet,I have not had any miss-fires or jams. Personally,I don't think the price is too bad either. I would definitely recommend these to anyone needing staples for there gun.	5.0
first of all i want to say that the staples are great they more than exceed the job i need them to do,however the shipping is the poorest i have ever seen and not because of the quality or quanity.
in the beginning i ordered a box of 5000 1 1/2 staples through amazon i recieved them and used them and because i was happy with my purchase i ordered another box of 5000 which never made it to my house because it was destroyed during shipment so i waited till my credit card was credited and even still contemplating on reordering but i did because i really did like the quality of the staple and as i ordered i decided to order 10,000 instead of 5,000 well guess what,i got the shipment 2 days late they were left at the post office in a totally open box as the original were destroyed and the staples looked like they were shoveled up and dumped in a flower box with handles on the ends and most of the staples looked like they were walked on as the legs of the staples were touching making them unuseable!!!!!!!i don,t think i,ll do this again and its too bad i use alot of staples but i don,t have the time to go back and forth.	1.0
The packing material was very inadequate for the weight and fragile nature of the clips/sleeves.  Fully half the sleeves were broken into multiple pieces.  Had I wanted them broken, I could have bought them at the store and come home and dropped the box on the garage floor. Working with sleeve pieces always increases jamming in the staple gun.  Nevertheless, a good price and prompt delivery.	3.0
Staples are fine but the packaging was terrible.  No padding around item, box arrived damaged and half the staples were broken.  Simple thing to do properly - why not do it?	3.0
I bought the Milwaukee pneumatic stapler and these were suggested for it by Amazon.  They work great -- I'm rehabbing the eves on my house.  They hold better than finish nails and don't have the large head of a framing nail.  They work as advertised.	5.0
These work flawlessly in my Porter Cable staple gun.  I was using the Harbor Freight brand for awhile (trying to save money) and they jammed frequently.  My stapler is much happier now with these B&C staples.  Great price on some great staples!	5.0
Thousands and Thousands shot through a Porter Cable and Milwaukee with no problem. Previously we used Senco staples (made in USA) but the cost got out of hand. We reluctantly switched to the B & C and glad we did. Top quality.	5.0
The staples rate 5 stars.  Amazon shipping gets none.  I ordered 5 different sizes of these staples.  Each one was shipped separately.  After  opening each box I had to find coffee cans for the staples.  The boxes were are ripped up and the staples were all loose in the shipping boxes.  One strap of duct tape around the ends would have saved the whole problem.	2.0
Great staples, great price.	5.0
works as expected	4.0
Needs to pack stuff better
a lot of stuff broken but usable just a pain	4.0
Excellent	5.0
I was sad these were not made in USA. I thought they were and bought them instead of going to our local Home Depot where they only stock  imported fasteners. That being said, I shot a few and they did very well. Not to be used for fine furniture anyway, so prolly good for most anything else. The box came intact and the staples within were still collated nicely together not loose and jumbled. I was happy about that.	3.0
Work as advertised with my hitachi product. No jamming. Packaging could be better. Just have to pay attention when opening and closing box.	5.0
works as advertised	5.0
Great staples. I use them to assemble bee hives and related woodware. No problems.	5.0
Fast ship, used half the box already.  Thanks!	5.0
They are great. They work well in the new hitachi stapler and I have no complaints about this product. Thanks	5.0
