I've had to order and then reorder these because they were damaged during shipping. Whoever packages these for Amazon fails to realize that staples easily break out of their measly cardboard boxes, puncture the air bag padding inside and essentially end up broken and thrashed around the box during shipment. I returned 1 of 2 that I ordered. I explained the shipping issues in my complaint and put in a reorder request. I also asked that the new box of staples be taped up more securely. The return process was very easy and the new order arrived quickly however it came just as poorly packaged as the first. The product is great, that shipping could leave you staples less for weeks. If you need these in a rush, I'd say try contacting Amazon first and explain what shipping procedures need to be in place for your package and good luck. If you have time to keep sending them back until a box that isn't terribly destroyed shows up then you'll have no problems with the product.	4.0
these staples and the gun they are used in are the absolute best for installing Bruce "Natural Reflections" 5/16" flooring. What a time saver over gluing this product!	5.0
We Love this product! Bostitch staples are the best .They outpreform any other staple in the market as far as holding power and setting capability.	4.0
a	5.0
Used in my bostich floor stapler and worked better than the more expensive bostich staples . Will be buying these again instead of the bostich	5.0
these staples are 20 gauge. they will not fire in a gun that requires 19 gauge.
19 Ga = 0.0418"
20 Ga = 0.0359"
the difference of 0.0059 does matter.
The staples did arrive in good condition	3.0
Staples are basically the same no matter which brand you buy. At least that's what I thought before opening the package. The box was broken, and so were half of the strips of staples. After taping the box back together, I put all the broken strips back in. I'm not sure why, but there was extra room in the box. I'm not going to count 5000 staples to see if I received what I paid for, but I won't buy this brand again. I have purchased Bostich staples also and did not have this problem with their product.	2.0
Ordered these staples and was very shocked when package was received.
The idiot that packed the box for shipment, packed the items in a box twice the size needed and loose in the box.
At least half of the staples clips were broken in the delivered package because of poor and loose packing.
If the person that packaged the content had the brain power above a common yard rock, they would have stuffed the box with some type of packing, like news paper, so content would not be received loose and broken.
It seems expecting proper packing is not a concern with this company, what a shame!!!	1.0
Box received with 50% of staples broken, Amazon did not reply to our complaint, once they have payment, you are on your own!!!	1.0
I purchased these and they arrived in a little box and in good shape.  They're impossible to find elsewhere, and they do pretty much what I expected them to do:  Be staples and hold things	5.0
I ordered staples the packaging was poor. The staples were out of there boxes.
some were broke. this is not the first time this happened. The only reason i
ordered them again was the price waas unbeatable and i needed them fast<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/B-C-Eagle-97-25-1-Inch-20-Gauge-3-16-Inch-Crown-Staple-for-S3297-LHF-5-000-per-Box/dp/B0000224PT/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">B & C Eagle 97/25 1-Inch 20 Gauge 3/16-Inch Crown Staple for S3297-LHF (5,000 per Box)</a>	2.0
The little box of staples was inserted in a bigger box for shipping and after miles of travel the little opened scattering 5000 staples throughout the bigger box making them useless.  The most frustrating was the attempt at contacting the shipping to get them resent. After wasting an hour I gave up.	1.0
The box the staples were in was very flimsy and all the staples fell out.  They were loose in the delivery box and all broken up.  So many of them will not fit into the gun properly, therefore a waste.  I cannot believe Amazon does not do an easy correction to this problem by just wrapping the box with some packaging tape.	3.0
I bought three boxes of these staples thinking it would be a great savings.
After spending half my time pulling out staples that crushed instead on going in the flooring I have decided they are not worth the savings.
These China made staples are undersized to begin with and will not penetrate hard wood flooring like the stanley bostich staples. I will never make the mistake of buying cheap off brand staples again.
I would advise anyone considering purchasing the staples to go back and buy the bostich.

A. Marty<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/B-C-Eagle-97-25-1-Inch-20-Gauge-3-16-Inch-Crown-Staple-for-S3297-LHF-5-000-per-Box/dp/B0000224PT/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">B & C Eagle 97/25 1-Inch 20 Gauge 3/16-Inch Crown Staple for S3297-LHF (5,000 per Box)</a>	1.0
Amazon has ignored all these reviews and still poorly package these staples. The staples are in a flimsy cardboard box that was thrown in a padded envelope. The box totally disintegrated and the staples broke apart. If you have time to mess with them, than this is a great deal.	2.0
staples arrived all broken in extra large box why not tape the ends of staple box and ship in smaller box	1.0
I didn't know whether to buy these (a brand I didn't know) or buy the name brand ones. These worked great and arrived in good condition.	2.0
Recieved the staples in good condition with package in tact. I am a DIY'er who has tackled a hardwood flooring project from H"ll. The best thing about it is all the tools I've been able to buy! Staples worked as well as the name brand product I ran out of. Highly recomend.	5.0
Ordered these staples along with the Bostitch Stapler together.  As happened with other reviewers the packaging was very poor.  Shipped in the same box with the Bostitch stapler with only a 3 section "air" bag to fill in all the extra space.  Half the staples were no longer full length.  It also looked like this was a "Returned" item that was restocked and sold again cause part of the flap on the box was missing. On top of all this the staples were not coated as was stated and pictured.  These were as shiny as can be ... no brown coating as pictured.
No time to complain and return these so got the Bostitch staples at the Tool Rental store.  Even Lowes and Homedepot  didn't carry these.
Go with the Bostitch staples as their box is HD and made the right way so as not to open on their own.	2.0
I've bought dozens of these staples over the past year, you cannot beat

the price or quality of them. I own a large floor installation company

that uses these staples all the time, we have 3 staplers and use a

staple every 2 inches to keep all squeaks out, we have never had 1

staple jam up with them not being a large brand name. These staples

are the best and recommend them to any one.

Thanks, David	5.0
The product is a good value but the condition of the item upon reciept was very poor. The boxes were broke open and the staples were scattered throughout the too large of a shipping container which allowes the staples to shift about during shipment and makes using these very difficult causing jams in my staple gun which never jams when a full stick of staples are used. Dont order unless amazon finds a better soultion to package these items	2.0
Unfortunately the staples came in the same condition as a review below. I haven't located a local supplier for these staples so I placed an order with Amazon. I love Amazon, but the care in shipping for this particular item hasn't improved. The product is a good one and I have no complaints on quality or price. I'm using the Bostitch LHF97125-2 flooring stapler for laminated and hardwood floors. I install flooring very often and I've used this product for some time without any trouble.	4.0
The staples work fine in the Bostitch LHF97125-2 Floor Runner Laminated Hardwood flooring stapler.	5.0
These
Staples did not work at all. Very disappointed. Bent over and or didn't sink into the sub floor at all. In fact, I had to discontinue using them and find new ones locally. Once I switched I had no issues.  The unfortunate part is that the areas they were used in know have seeks and pops do to them not holding well. Brand new house with an old house sound.  Very disappointed.	1.0
These staples are much better than the name-brand Bostitch SB97-1GLS. If you are using a 20-gauge staple for engineered flooring, I recommend using this product.	5.0
When I purchased the product the information page indicated that the origin of the product was USA. When the product arrived I found that it was made in China. The staples worked OK but not nearly as well some older German made staples that I had used.	2.0
good enough.	1.0
Todo tem thanks	5.0
Perfect fit, no problems at all loading into my nail gun	5.0
staples, what more can I say	5.0
These Chinese replacements for the German manufactured ones we ordered earlier have worked just fine. No complaints. We're using them to install Armstrong Bruce flooring.	5.0
Maybe these work for softer and thinner floors, but solid bamboo simply folds these staples up. About 1 in 10 worked before I gave up after about 40 staples. Quality seemed a little shoddy, but maybe they work well for other applications.	2.0
Work great..Excellent Service	5.0
