Great, they fit and work just, and I like anodize coating them I have nothing else to say because they work perfectly	5.0
These worked perfect and where half the price of our local fastener store. I use them for fastening wall and roof sheeting.	5.0
When I got the staples in, they came in a used box (not the box that the staples should come in) and were just tossed in the box so almost all the staple bundles were broken some as small as a 1/2". Do your self a favor an get your staples from another vendor...	1.0
Good quality and construction if staples.  Package arrivd taped together with about a fourth of the staples missing but that is about average anymore.	4.0
Excellent quality, great price, fast shipping and reasonable shipping charge, what more can I say?	4.0
Never got to use the staples... first box arrived broken with a quarter of the staples missing and most of the sleeves broken up. Call and asked for a replacement which they handles quickly and to my satisfaction... But when the replacements arrive the box was also broken open and taped closed with some of the product missing and many of the sleeves broken. Whether it was packaging or handling at fault... the product was of no use to me.	1.0
Didn't recive this part of an order because it was sent back or lost from supplier.	3.0
Good Product.	5.0
perfect	5.0
This box will last a LONG time. With the Bostitch Stapler, you'll be a great vinyl siding installer	5.0
happy	5.0
great	5.0
They work as intended	4.0
Good price works well but they came broken
they need to take more care in packing but most was still usable and the price was good	4.0
Fast shipping and was as described.	5.0
excellent	5.0
The staples worked in my Senco SNS41 stapler just as I expected them to.  No jams.  I only gave 4 stars because I've only used a couple hundred staples so far.	4.0
Works Great!!	5.0
good	5.0
Works great	5.0
These are good quality crown staples by B&C!	5.0
great	4.0
Best staples for the price, did exactly as expected.  Would by again	5.0
work great	5.0
nice staples, i had not of the packaging problem i read about. very nicely packed and not a single broken staple.. happy camper	5.0
Just what I needed. Good price, quick delivery.	5.0
Just as expected.	5.0
