These staples were shipped quickly, were well packed and showed up in good condition.  I ran about six sleeves through my Bostich stapler/brad nailer with no trouble. I would purchase this item again.	5.0
I've used about 1000 of these so far, no problem, no jams.  Very hard to find size at any local store (or big box store), and the price is fantastic.  I may order another box.  They are not consistently colored, but I'll see next year after they winter outside if there are any quality issues.	4.0
These worked great with our bostitch stapler. Price point is near impossible to beat. I couldn't find this size in any of the big box stores which made the purchase a little hairy at first.	5.0
The product was first suspect when I opened the flimsy packaging and saw the inconsistent discoloration of the staples.  It was not a good indicator of quality and for the incredible high price I saw no redeeming quality.  This made me think that the seller must be making a very good profit while selling substandard product.	1.0
Arrived as expected and fit my bostich staple gun perfectly.  The packaging was a bit roughed up, but no complaints.	5.0
these are 1/2 inch staples I couldn't find locally,,they came in time for the job, they work ok, nuf said.	4.0
I ordered the SX5035-12 which is a 7/32" Crown x 1/2" Leg staple. However, when I received the package from Amazon the label stated that it was a 5/8" leg but had the same model number as the 1/2." Initially, I failed to measure the staple and sent it back to Amazon. Amazon quickly sent me another box, which had the same labeling issue. I measured the staple and it is a 1/2" staple. I called B&C and they were very nice and apologetic and stated that they are going to fix the label.  Just be forewarned about this problem and measure your staples because there maybe a lot of stock still out there with incorrect labels.	4.0
These are great staples. I haven't had any problems with them. I went through at least 3000 of them in the past couple days securing carpet to a cat tree. They are the perfect size for that. Will buy again when I need more.	5.0
good price, feed thru nailer well, wish they were galvinized	3.0
Works great with the bostitch narrown stapler	5.0
Good product.
Glued together very well.
Not one stick was broken during shipment.
After shooting about 15 sticks not one single jam.
Yes I will be buying more of this product.	5.0
Unfortunately I didn't have good luck at all with my Bostitch stapler liking the Staples. I had constant jamming. Had to take my brand-new stapler apart twice to unjam it.  I wasted more time on the job working on my stapler clearing out the jams and couldn't get this to feet properly at all.
We decided to go out and buy some Bostitch Staples to see if that was the problem!  It sure was!
We ran 4000 staples through the stapler without an incident. I won't ever buy anything but Bostitch brand again.	1.0
As expected.	5.0
Fit like they were supposed to. Great for attaching " backing on shelving.  So far, no jams from these staples.	5.0
Functions as advertised.	4.0
These are great and at a great price. I could not find this size locally and I looked. I don't think I have had a misfire yet, that wasn't operator error. I have used close to a dozen of these strips. I use them to attach landscaping fabric to wooden garden boxes before filling them with soil.	5.0
Great product, great price.  Not a single problem with the product in my Bostitch stapler.	5.0
The staples are glued together so that a "line" of them can be yanked and put in the stapler magazine.

Sometimes cheaper staples use flimsy glu and that leads to waste.

Not with these babies.  Rock Solid.

And they are packed in double-cardboard boxes to ship, and they go inside
an Amazon shipping container.  Very sturdy.	5.0
