Good quality for the money.	5.0
Quality built.  It's a long hose and fits my 3" trash pump perfectly.  Also conveniently rolls up for storage.	5.0
Great, especially after using fire hose that are very heavy.	4.0
Heavy and strong, but winds up small for storage. Works well. I like the fact that is almost self drains by going flat after use, makeing clean up and storage a snap. The couplings are excellent. Wow>	5.0
Good hose with connectors that must be watched as the aluminum corrodes.  Bought second hose as fifty foot hose too short.	4.0
I'm happy 'cause the length of this hose is exactly
what I was expecting. Fix perfect on my duromax
3 inch water pump. :)	5.0
I hook this up to my sump pump when it rains. Plastic coating is beginning to puncture and is slowing being damaged by the water, but that was to be expected. Heavy duty. Don't know how long it will last.	3.0
Performs as expected.	5.0
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. Bought two of them and they both broken the first time we used them. they brook right at the connection of metal to plastic. The quality is very poor and it is priced relatively high considering its very poor quality.	1.0
Came in a timely fashion and works well	5.0
Haven't actually used it yet but arrived in good condition and looks great. Using this to extend pool drain hose. Would recommend.	5.0
This hose is made of tough material and is quick & easy to roll up.  This fits the Tsurumi HS3.75S-62 trash pump.  Originally I was looking for a longer hose, but then I realized you can simply string together multiple 50 foot sections to make it as long as you want.  This hose is Made in China but it's one of the better quality ones.  Here's a photo of the hose in action.	5.0
Work great, easy connections.	5.0
Was absolutely perfect to hook directly up to a Harbor Freight trash pump.	5.0
The hose worked fine, but the outer coating rubbed off in the sand after running loose. (not tied down)  When the outer coating rubbed off the hose leaked bad.	3.0
was what it said	4.0
