Can't beat the price and it's always a good idea to have spares.  These things down go bad that often, but when they do go south they go quick.  I also like the fact that the internal components are UV protected.	5.0
Not much to sat, it works flawlessly, has a nicer desigh than most others...The bottom flange is a little longer than some and gives a better seal, as for longetivy will just have to see...Rich.	5.0
The LC4521C seems to work well as a replacement photo-sensor control on the large 70 watt outdoor flood lights.

Much, much cheaper to just buy this controller rather than purchase entirely new outdoor flood lights...and those are your two options when the original controller/sensor dies (weather plays a large role in that).	4.0
Direct replacement for what I had. Works great!	5.0
Best price, fast delivery, works great. Too bad my problem proved to be the ballast. Was a bear to change 30' in the air!	5.0
works like it should	5.0
Using this sensor to replace one of the same brand. My old one was Turing the light on during the day. It would have to be full sun before my light would shut off. This fixed it right up.	5.0
These photo cells work pretty well despite being made in China by 4 year olds. The same cannot be said for the matching 175 watt Mercury Vapor light bulbs made by 6 year olds in China....which SUCK beyond all possible belief!!!!!	5.0
It works	5.0
Fit like a charm, my light is mounted under the eve of the house so I was afraid it might not get enough light to work. Works perfect will see how long it lasts but as of now very happy with it Twist pull out the old one, plug in the new on and give a twist to lock your done	5.0
Solved the problem.....easy to install.	5.0
Fantastic Product!	5.0
Worked very well with my mercury vapor yard light.  Installed month ago and no issues.	5.0
packaging looked like it is very, very old...so hopefully it lasts	3.0
Good product	5.0
Perfect replacement for the oem photo cell. I've only had it for a few weeks so can't speak to how long it last yet.	5.0
Price was certainty right, $50 cheaper than local, Works well. Arrived very timely even though we are in Alaska. FIVE STAR	5.0
Perfect item, as described.	5.0
Works like original eye ...	5.0
This was the photo control I needed.	5.0
Good	4.0
The local box stores had a different brand in stock and I bought one from Lowes. It did not work. I should have known when I went to buy it and had to look through 3 or 4 to find one that was in an unopened package (obvious earlier returns). Already had an Intermatic on another light my son gave me many years ago when he worked for an electrical company. This one came when promised very well protected in bubble wrap and works great. Good price, too. Love me some Amazon!! Take a tip and put some dielectric grease on it before installing.	5.0
This makes your unit come on early and off late....it works very well right out of the box. twist and lock in .	5.0
Yup. It works.	5.0
Item arrived promptly and appears to be quality OEM item as described.	5.0
Bought 2 and neither one works	1.0
Replaced our original one we had and this worked perfectly.  Received as promised.	5.0
Works as advertise	5.0
Never would go off when testing	1.0
This replaced a nonworking 30+ year old photo sensor on a very high yard light. It plugged into this very old unit, and it has worked perfectly for the past several weeks. I'm so happy about my yard light being in working order again!	5.0
Works properly to turn lights on and off at Dawn and Dusk.	5.0
works good	5.0
On at dusk off at dawn, works as designed	5.0
