Lasts a longer time than other sandpaper I have had before. I like it and would recommend it to others.	4.0
The product  which is difficult to find locally these days performs as expected and was readily available and received quickly.	5.0
Good product and the price is right plus I didn't have to drive out to find it. Just pick out the grit you want and order it.	5.0
The Porter-Cable 4 1/2 inch adhesive-backed sanding roll is an economical way to buy sand paper. The adhesive holds well and the paper is of good quality.	5.0
It works, I like it. More word required. More word required. More word required. More word required. More word required. Silly	5.0
I have been using this with my DeWalt sanders for years. Why pay a fortune for individual sheets from Lowes or Home Depot? This sandpaper lasts considerably longer, is much, much stronger and you simply cut it to size, stick one layer on the pad of your sander as a base, then add another layer,  clip them in and away you go. Not only that, it makes your pads last 10X longer as well. When it's worn out, remove it (I find it helps to let a few layers of sandpaper build up on the pad). This will save you a fortune in throw away single sheets and OK, it doesn't have any holes in it so you won't be collecting much dust - but then do you really anyway? Saves time, works better and saves a fortune in the long run. Does a much better job too and if you ever need a small piece for hand sanding, simply cut a sheet to the desired size, fold it over and stick it to itself and again, it won't slip, you won't be tearing it or cursing at it, you'll be able to get into those tight corners and the job will be done so much better in half the time! Great stuff. Great product.	5.0
I had never used a product like this before and finally broke down and ordered some after seeing all the uses in the various woodworking magazines.  I must say that I'm impressed, stuff works great and you can actually use less than the non-adhesive sheet sandpaper, especially when making sanding blocks.	5.0
I got a roll of 150 grit and 220 grit. This paper really cuts and it doesn't load up either. I use it on my Porter Cable model 330 finish sander. I highly recomend it. CAUTION!, I had to go to 320 grit with this paper for the final sanding before finishcoat, this was with clear varithane, 220 grit left sander marks that were still visiable after finish coat was applied. This was with my sander, with yours it might be different.	5.0
fast,easy inexpensive option to the prepackaged stuff in stores only drawback would be for those who can't grasp the simple task of punching your own vent holes. For me, I use the tip of the scissors I cut it with.	5.0
Good sandpaper for palm sanders or even hand sanding	5.0
PC is always good	5.0
good stuff	5.0
This sandpaper is so much better than the individual sheets I used to buy.  It lasts longer.  It conforms to whatever sanding block or dowel to which I adhere it.  I am very pleased with the results that I achieved on several woodworking projects so far.  And in the long run, because of it's durability and convenient size (cut it to fit the sanding block) it is more economical than buying the packages with individual larger sheets.  I like the adhesive back also;  the sandpaper does not slip making it easier to grip the sanding block.	5.0
This stuff works great. The one problem I've had is the same as other reviewers have pointed out... The adhesive works too good! Sprinkle a little sawdust or talc or something on it to make it not so sticky or else it will stick so good to your sander pad that when you remove it, it'll tear up the sander pad.	4.0
It's sticky. It sticks.

It's rough. It sands.

It comes in a long roll with a nice dispenser box.

Get it, you will love it.	5.0
exceeded my expectations, adhesive backing is just right - sticks and stays put but no problem removing when desired, quality and durability of sanding grit surface is INCREDIBLE - does not wear down even after reusing 100+ times and "sand" NEVER flecks off leaving bare patches of paper	5.0
This is an inferior, Polish abrasive which flakes too easily. The rolls I bought before were American, and I feel mislead.	2.0
I bought several grits of stick-back sandpaper for use with a square Ryobi palm sander and a Chicago oscillating sander.

It's also handy to just plop your hand on a piece and not have to hold it in place while you sand.

I got every grit from 80-320.

It's wonderful to be able to just peel off the old sheet, pull a piece out of the box, put the sander on pad or blade on it, and cut it away with a box cutter. It takes only seconds to change the sandpaper.

This sandpaper is NOT available locally anywhere.

The Porter Cable sticky-back adhesive is much better on the generic sticky-back sandpaper I bought a long time ago.

All of my experience with Porter Cable products has been excellent for many years.

Highly recommended.	5.0
Works as described.  Easy to apply. Saves on paper from cutting up the standard sized sandpaper rectangles. Highly recommend this product.	5.0
Good quality abrasive.  However, after use, I have a lot of trouble pealing sandpaper off the sander. I think they stick too much.	3.0
Good adhesive and life.  Fits P-C pad sanders well.	4.0
last a long time, not the cheap sandpapers that are out on the market. Will buy again!	5.0
If you use a particular sandpaper, this is awesome. You can cut what you need and it fits my palm sanders perfectly.	5.0
Love this stuff. Has a little too much glue though, I found that it starts tearing the rubber off the padding on my sander.  I now use a heat gun to heat it up and it slides right off no damage. You get a lot more sanding done when the paper paper stuck to the sander.	5.0
A good self adhesive sand-paper	5.0
Fantastic sandpaper ... at least he abrasive portion. The sticky portion is insanely sticky. I have a Porter Cable 330 sander and purchased a new felt pad for it. The pads themselves aren't cheap. I thought the PC paper would mate properly with the 330 pad, which was supposed to be compatible with Stikit papers. This adhesive on this paper is so sticky it binds impossibly to the sander pad, ruining it. You'll destroy your $15 palm sander pad with this paper. Strangely, the Porter Cable adhesive paper isn't compatible with a Porter Cable sanding pad.	2.0
using it everyday!	5.0
consistenty great sandpaper.  Fast delivery A+ experience	5.0
Worked as advertised and the paper holds up well. Sticks tight to  the sander, sometimes a little too tight	5.0
