maybe if u wanted to  upholster a seat on a chair ok other wise  not good for wood workers sad	1.0
The item arrived quickly and exaxtly as described.  Thanks for the great experience.  I would order again.  There are a ton of them too.	5.0
I got the staples and they appear to be of good quality.  I have yet to use them so I may have to modify my review if they do not perform as expected.	5.0
I ordered these along with an air stapler and also some 1 1/2" staples. I got these first. And WOW.... did I get them. I opened the shipping box to find all the staples were already out of their box and all over the shipping box. There were alot of them broke apart and some were mashed almost closed. Yes, I will be able to use the majority of them , but I will probably find another way of getting my next staples. All it takes is a little TLC with the packaging to make sure it's safe. I know all packages that go across country or across town get treated like crap, but if you pack the majority of items right, they will endure alot of abuse and still stay intact. I just hope my other staples make it through....	3.0
I bought these staples with the Wen air powered staple gun as part of a package deal offered by Amazon.  Both the staple gun and these staples worked perfectly.  The staples fit properly in the gun, I had no jams, and every staple was driven straight and slightly below flush with the surface.	5.0
Thousands and Thousands shot through a Porter Cable and Milwaukee with no problem. Previously we used Senco staples (made in USA) but the cost got out of hand. We reluctantly switched to the B & C and glad we did. Top quality.	5.0
cant really say ive done a comparison test with these staples against any other brand,im sure their are a few contractors out there that have their own preferance for different applications,and thats fine.i ordered these when i ordered my stapler,and they have been working just fine.saved me a trip to the supply house.and i like that. hope this review helps	5.0
They work.  Like the B&C staples and nails.	5.0
Much cheaper then name brand, and havnt had any jams after using several boxes of these staples.	5.0
Bought for my Hitachi Crown Stapler, no jambs, did a great job, would buy again.	5.0
Very pleased would buy again	5.0
works as advertised	5.0
They fit and work in my Campbell Hausfeld 3/8-Inch to 1-1/4-Inch 18-Gauge Narrow Crown Air Powered Stapler. No jamming thus far.	5.0
A good price for staples. 5000 should keep me in staples for quite a while. I would buy them again.	4.0
These staples worked great for my project in every aspect they blended well in color with paneling unlike the silver staples that was the only thing I could find locally.	5.0
I have used boxes of these at work and now at home. But with a product like this they either work or they don't. So since they all seem to come out of the stapler and go into the wood I would say that I am satisfied with these.	5.0
So far all the B & C Eagle staples I have gotten were in good shape, all the staples still together and the ones I have used in the gun worked flawlessly.	5.0
